hello to you Dima and today we
we will expose the rumors in dota and so
exposing the first rumor has it that
supposedly in a training game created in
jagernaut
Allied and enemy one of them can
apply ulta on another if that
will be being in it this myth
do not trust me as ulta is cast on
enemy heroes and creeps even gathered
Aganim at the box office on the enemy jagernaut
let the maximum simultaneously impossible
hence this
that ulta with aganim does not cast on
ancient neutrals and of course rashan
exposing the second say that if
heroes and scer tone atr and oppression is it
as you can see it's not at all like squatting
the cheese that falls from roshan is
a certain sound but it doesn’t look like
to belch conclusion myth is wrong
expose 3
despite the fact that a lot of time has passed
to this day there are rumors that supposedly
electro panda bios before can still
go for the card
well let's check if someone can
of them make it
No, alas, in the update 683 and of course
subsequent this bug will not work
expose 4
many people say that roshana is new
update from the heels is impossible let's
take a look and so take a fist and go
on rosh to while we still need
Akasha it is necessary to
to aggravate Roshan
and we put their turn to lacquer
gears as you can see in the present
update 683 hide roshana special
labor is not possible here and
come up with a script how to pick it up or
same mock enemy enemy
who will be puzzled to check
Roshana and, as a result, do not observe him
respawn and finally the fifth expose
it is rumored that there is no longer any sense
collect the so-called cyclone as
ulta
namely the spirit of the banshee disappear completely
ulta continues to act more than that
this miracle art is relevant banshee especially
if we are talking about enemy nukers
Damagera and pro caster therefore boldly
collect
this rabbit came to an end thank for
views and likes everyone wish you a successful
hanging out with you was igor de
amor sim night is not yet bye bye